Update "Who is Apollo" (#11948)
apollographql/apollo-client: README.md

## Who is Apollo?

[Apollo](https://apollographql.com/) builds open-source tools and commercial services to make application development easier, better, and accessible to more people. We help you ship faster with:

- [GraphOS](https://www.apollographql.com/graphos) - The platform for building, managing, and scaling a supergraph: a unified network of your organization's microservices and their data sources—all composed into a single distributed API.
- [Apollo Federation](https://www.apollographql.com/federation) – The industry-standard open architecture for building a distributed graph. Use Apollo’s gateway to compose a unified graph from multiple subgraphs, determine a query plan, and route requests across your services.
- [Apollo Client](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-client) – The most popular GraphQL client for the web. Apollo also builds and maintains [Apollo iOS](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-ios) and [Apollo Kotlin](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-kotlin).

> - [Apollo Server](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/apollo-server/) – A production-ready JavaScript GraphQL server that connects to any microservice, API, or database. Compatible with all popular JavaScript frameworks and deployable in serverless environments.

Reviewer: Since the apollo client links were updated to the GitHub repos, should this one be updated in the same way?

Author: Good call on consistency. Previously the mobile clients liked to GH, so I updated ACW to do the same. Happy to do the same for Server.

> - [Apollo Server](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/apollo-server/) – A production-ready JavaScript GraphQL server that connects to any microservice, API, or database. Compatible with all popular JavaScript frameworks and deployable in serverless environments.

Author: ```suggestion
- [Apollo Server](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-server) – A production-ready JavaScript GraphQL server that connects to any microservice, API, or database. Compatible with all popular JavaScript frameworks and deployable in serverless environments.
```
